[DOCS-8495] feature updates to Synthetics Mobile App testing (#24589)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/mobile_app_testing/_index.md

<div class="alert alert-warning">Mobile Application Testing is not supported on this site.</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

## Overview

Mobile Application Testing allows you to test and monitor key business flows for Android and iOS applications using real devices. 
Datadog runs these tests on real devices to provide a realistic, step-by-step representation of key application workflows, screenshots of each step, and detailed pass or fail results so your team can quickly visualize what went wrong.

> Mobile app tests can run on a schedule, on-demand, or directly within your [CI/CD pipelines][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mobile app tests can run on a schedule, on demand, or directly within your [CI/CD pipelines][1].
```

You can create mobile app tests in Datadog by navigating to [**Digital Experience** > **New Test**][12] and selecting **Mobile Application Test**.

{{< img src="mobile_app_testing/new_test_2.png" alt="Create a Synthetic Mobile Test" style="width:50%;">}}

### Flakiness 

> Flakiness is a pain point in end-to-end testing because tests occasionally fail. When a frontend team implements a change, an identifier in your test may alert on it instead of an actual application issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flakiness is a pain point in end-to-end testing. Test failures are occasionally caused by valid frontend code changes that impact an identifier, not by an actual application issue.
```
Rewording just because the original felt a little awkward -- identifiers don't alert.

    | `{{#is_priority}}`         | Show when the monitor matches priority (P1 to P5).                  |
    | `{{^is_priority}}`         | Show unless the monitor matches priority (P1 to P5).                |

    Notification messages include the **message** defined in this section and information about the failing locations.

2. Choose team members and services to notify.
3. Specify a renotification frequency. To prevent renotification on failing tests, leave the option as `Never renotify if the monitor has not been resolved`.
4. Click **Save & Edit Recording** to save your test configuration and record your mobile app test steps.

For more information, see [Using Synthetic Test Monitors][7].

## Run tests in CI

You can run mobile app tests in a CI pipeline by defining the `mobileApplicationVersionFilePath` option in a [test `synthetics.json` file][13] and a [global configuration `synthetics-ci.config` file][14] as needed. Global configuration file options take precedence over test configuration file options.

In this example, the test `aaa-aaa-aaa` runs with the override application version found in `application/path`.

> ```json

Reviewer: Would a codeblock with a filename on it be preferred here?

Author: That I'm not sure, this content was there before so I just copied it over, it seems the `json` block works ok though.
